equate_2.0-6 (2017-01-09)

  o bootstrap function can now extract presmoothing
    arguments, if present, to run presmoothing once
    for all functions requesting it. Note that, when
    requested, presmoothed score distributions will
    be used for all methods.

  o New fit statistics for loglinear presmoothing
    model comparison: likelihood ratio chi-square,
    Freeman-Tukey chi-square, consistent AIC,
    Cressie-Read, and Goodman.

  o Fix plot axes in plot.freqtab where scales do
    not match observed score range.

  o Legend text fixed for single-group and
    equivalent-groups designs in plot.equate and
    plot.bootstrap.

  o Algorithm for default model comparison in loglinear
    presmoothing was fixed to address problem with
    degrees of 10 or larger.

  o Bug in Levine true score equating, introduced in
    2.0.5 was fixed.

equate_2.0-5 (2016-10-20)

  o Support for linear equating in a single-group
    design with counterbalancing.
    
  o Analytic standard errors added for linear equating
    under single-group counterbalanced and
    equivalent-groups designs, and chained, Tucker,
    and Levine methods with nonequivalent-groups.
    
  o Analytic standard errors added for equipercentile
    equating under equivalent-groups design.

  o Fix bug in equipercentile equating for scores with
    zero frequencies.

  o Missing bracket fixed in loglinear function.

  o Vignette updated to match recent JSS publication.
  
equate_2.0-4 (2016-4-26)

  o Support for equating scales that have
    inconsistent score increments.

  o summary methods for equate and bootstrap objects
    fixed to support partial output, e.g., only standard
    errors.
    
  o The equating design can be specified when creating
    a frequency table object. See the design argument
    in the freqtab functions.
    
  o Another bug in summary method for equate objects
    fixed. An error was returned for anything but
    equipercentile functions.

  o Support added for automatic selection of best
    fitting model in loglinear presmoothing function.
    See the choose argument in presmoothing and
    loglinear.

  o Small tweaks and improvements to help files.

  o Development version of package now available at
    https://github.com/talbano/equate

  o Package is now built using RStudio and roxygen2

equate_2.0-3 (2014-11-1)

  o Functionality has been added for equating under
    a multiple anchor test design. New methods
    include nominal weights and Tucker multivariate
    and multivariate frequency estimation for
    Braun/Holland and equipercentile equating.
    
  o The freqtab class has been restructured, with a
    new, more general approach to the construction
    and manipulation of multivariate frequency
    tables. A freqtab object is now a simple table
    array rather than a data.frame.

  o formula method added for loglinear
    presmoothing via the presmoothing function.
  
  o Loglinear presmoothing supports multivariate
    frequency distributions, e.g., distributions
    with multiple anchor tests. Polynomials and
    interactions can be specified using a matrix
    of power terms, in addition to the score function
    or the degree (now 'degrees') argument.
    
  o Impossible scores can be removed before loglinear
    presmoothing using the 'rmimpossible' argument.

  o Model comparisons for loglinear presmoothing
    are based on the 'models' argument, which is
    a numeric vector with different levels specifying
    the sequential models to be fitted. Also, when
    'stepup' is TRUE, the default models are now chosen
    based on common powers across variables.

  o The default legend for plotting bootstrap output
    was fixed.
    
  o Summary method for bootstrap output can take
    a subset of the score scale. The method was also
    updated to include weighted mean RMSE.

equate_2.0-2 (2014-2-21)

  o Some minor cleanup.

  o plot.bootstrap was fixed for objects
    containing output for only one equating.

  o print method was added for bootstrap objects.

equate_2.0-1 (2014-2-1)

  o points.freqtab fixed to handle plotting
    frequencies that are all the same.

  o Bug fixed in printing and summarizing
    equipercentile output.
    
  o Score conversion with chained equipercentile
    output now works. Previously, there was an 
    error in how the smoothing method was
    interpreted.

  o Score conversion with equipercentile now
    works when x only contains values with
    percentile ranks of 0 or 1. Previously, this
    produced an error.

equate_2.0-0 (2014-1-7)

  o New "general linear" equating type.
    
  o Single-group equating is now supported,
    where "x" is bivariate and "y" is missing.

  o Equipercentile equating will accept a
    rescaled "y" scale, e.g., with non-integer
    scores. The score increment still must be
    constant across the scale.

  o The identity linking function is modified
    using the arguments "lowp" and "highp", which
    were previously only used in circle-arc
    equating.
  
  o "highp" is now used to find "Ky" in
    equipercentile equating. The "Ky" argument is
    no longer used.

  o Identity equating is now considered a linear
    equating type, though it is still specified
    with type = "identity".
    
  o New "composite" object class is used to create
    composite equatings, i.e., weighted combinations
    of two or more other equating functions.
    Synthetic equating, combining an identity
    function with another function, is no longer
    supported within the equate function.

  o "px" and "fx" are now internal, meaning a help
    file is no longer included.

  o "yx" is no longer included separately in equating
    output. Equated scores can be accessed through
    "concordance$yx" instead.

  o Analytical standard errors are under
    construction and not currently included in
    equating output.

  o For loglinear smoothing within the equate
    function, a single "scorefun" argument has
    replaced the separate "xscorefun" and "yscorefun"
    arguments. The equate function cannot be used
    to smooth "x" and "y" with different score
    functions.

  o Bug in the calculation of the intercept in
    chained mean and linear equating was fixed.

  o Circle-arc equating with nonequivalent groups
    was fixed.

  o Chained equipercentile score conversion was
    fixed.
    
  o Score conversion with frequency estimation
    equipercentile was fixed.

  o "summary" method replaces "descript" for
    summarizing frequency tables.

  o Additional descriptive statistics are now
    included in equating output.

  o Levine true score equating printed output
    was fixed.
  
  o Bootstrap standard error calculation was fixed
    for scales of different lengths.
  
  o "plot.equate" was function modified.
  
  o "plot.freqtab" was function updated to improve
    plotting logliner presmoothing results.
    
  o "freqtab" function was updated to handle missing
    data.

equate_1.2-0 (2013-9-20)
  
  o Package vignette updated
  
  o freqtab function updated to accept item response
    data
    
  o loglinear function updated - original estimation
    algorithm has been dropped, and the function is
    now a wrapper for 'glm'
    
  o new function plot.equate, for plotting and
    comparing equating results
    
  o equate and other functions modified to handle
    linking of forms with different score scales
  
  o Bug fixed in the frequency estimation method,
    where marginal frequencies are zero 
  
  o Help files updated

equate_1.1-4 (2011-8-23)

  o Package vignette updated

  o Print method fixed

  o equate function fixed for equipercentile
    conversion of a vector of scores to the scale
    defined in a previous equating

equate_1.1-3 (2011-2-10)

  o verbose option added to loglinear smoothing

  o equate function updated to support conversion
    of a vector of scores to the scale defined
    in a previous equating

equate_1.1-2 (2011-1-7)

  o Circle-arc equating fixed

  o Package vignette updated

equate_1.1-1 (2010-12-15)

  o New equating type: synthetic,
    a combination of any other equating type and
    identity equating

  o Circle-arc equating fixed

  o skew.freqtab and kurt.freqtab fixed

equate_1.1-0 (2010-11-15)

  o plot.freqtab updated

  o New equating type: nominal weights

  o loglinear smoothing function fixed

equate_1.0-0 (2010-03-24)

  o New package vignette introduces concepts and
    demonstrates basic functionality

  o New equating type: circle-arc

  o New equating methods: Levine true score,
    Braun/Holland, and chained equating

  o equate function converts a vector of scores
    to another scale based on output from a 
    previous equating

  o Proportional weighting when estimating the
    synthetic distribution, using argument 'w'

  o Layout of freqtab function changed

  o Simple plotting method added for univariate
    and bivariate frequency tables

  o se.boot function returns matrix of bootstrap
    replications

  o Equipercentile equating updated to handle
    frequency tables missing substantial amounts
    of data

  o Functions added for descriptive statistcs of
    frequency tables

  o Rd files updated and consolidated

equate_0.1-1 (2009-11-05)

  o Functions loglinear and freqbump extended to 
    handle smoothing of bivariate distributions

  o equating functions accept scores only as 
    frequency tables (univariate or bivariate)

  o Updated DESCRIPTION and Rd files

equate_0.1-0 (2009-11-01)

  o initial release on CRAN
